[Autogenerated] We're nowhere near getting security ready yet.
We have to configure the web application.
It's the web application that will use security.
So here in the web application,
we had a new class to configure the security for this application.
When we call this web security config this class generation of
base class called web Security Configure adapter,
which comes from spring security only over a method called
configure just past the instance of HTTP security on which we used
to configure security for this application.
So we use HTTP security to tell the web application
which you are us we need to secure on.
We also use HTTP security to configure how security
will work within this application.
So in here, we want to do four things around.
Authentication first is that we want to allow access to anything in
the resource is folder to any request that comes in,
and we also want to allow access to the account slash register endpoint.
This permit all is set so anybody can access.
Our resource is that anybody is allowed to be able to register.
The resource is folder contains HTML and CSS.
So probably we want to allow full access to that.
It might be that in certain circumstances we want to block
certain resource is maybe just as JavaScript.
But generally anybody is able to access these things.
We then say that any request that is authenticated,
we allow access to all resources.
So once the user has been authenticated,
they could access any part of the system.
We need to apply authorization to this,
but we'll do that in a more finer grained way inside the application itself.
You then go on to say we want to apply form.
Log in on that.
The log in page is that this endpoint?
So account slash log in And here again,
we're seeing permit all so anybody can access this page.
So if you're not logged in yet, we don't know who you are.
You still must be able to log in via this log in page.
Otherwise, nobody would be able to log into the application and finally,
we've got allow access to log out on the log out.
URL is slash account slash log out and again, anybody can access that URL.
So what we're saying here is that any user can access the
resource is any user can access the register page.
Any user can access the log in page on.
Any user can access the log out page,
but you must be authenticated to touch anything else within the application.
And as a first step,
this seems like a reasonable approach to applying
security to the Web application.
So we need to do one more thing before we add the details of security.
Nice to add the authentication controller.
This controller looks like this.
It is to endpoints on account.
Log in on account register.
So this is the controller that any log in call on any user registration
call will come to the log in endpoint just returned.
Serve HTML That let me do a log in the actual log in
itself is handled by spring security.
The log in endpoint returns from HTML that let me do a log in the
register endpoint returns summation him out on a get,
which is the form will use to do the log in and then
on a post will take that data on, apply it to register the user what you've done,
that we just redirect back to the root of the application. But the user is now registered